ManagementSkills.md, before:

# An Introduction to Management and Leadership
## Desert Island Excercise
- What needs to be done?
    - Find fresh water.
    - Find food sources.
    - Find shelter
    - Inventory of what we have with us.
    - Check if someone has special skills like a doctor, survival skills.
    - *Explore*
    - *Fire*
- Qualities of person of charge?
    - Good communicator
    - Make difficult decisions fast.
    - Have always a clear vision.
    - Knows how to organize people.
    - Survival skills.
    - *Calm*
    - *Confident*
    - *Assertive*
    - *Plan*
- What will the person in charge do?
    - Layout the activities that the group needs to do.
    - Create a plan to achieve the 2 main goals assessing the situation at risk.
    - Define the activities and assign them to the people that is best suited to perform them. (Give direction)
    - Keep track of progress and adjust if necessary.
    - Inform the group about critical information.
    - Review based on feedback if the things can be done in a better way.
    - *Do a head count - census*
    - *Skills audit*
    - *Create teams*
    - *Delegate*
    - *Maintain morale*
    - *Plan for food usage*
    - *Develop systems and processes*
    - *Provide reassurance, vision*
    - *Listen and respond*

## Management vs Leadership
### Management
> The efficient and appropriate use of the resources at your disposal to achieve a goal.

- Organizing
- Deciding uppon tasks
- Planning
- Directing
- Measuring
- Checking
- Process and systems

> Personal note: Technical abilities which if I perform them well, I can gain credibility in terms of execution.

## Leadership
> Influencing others to follow your lead by creating a compelling vision of the future.
- Setting goals
- Vision
- Influencing
- Inspiring
- Setting an example
- People

> Persona notes: Aren't people skills not scalable? Do I still to develop this? Honestly, I think that he was referring to people skills to perform a task, however I think leadership skills are still important unless we get to the point that we don't work with people at all.

Commit message:

Adding comments about the discussion with Gustavo about the topic

ManagementSkills.md, after:

# An Introduction to Management and Leadership
## Desert Island Excercise
- What needs to be done?
    - Find fresh water.
    - Find food sources.
    - Find shelter
    - Inventory of what we have with us.
    - Check if someone has special skills like a doctor, survival skills.
    - *Explore*
    - *Fire*
- Qualities of person of charge?
    - Good communicator
    - Make difficult decisions fast.
    - Have always a clear vision.
    - Knows how to organize people.
    - Survival skills.
    - *Calm*
    - *Confident*
    - *Assertive*
    - *Plan*
- What will the person in charge do?
    - Layout the activities that the group needs to do.
    - Create a plan to achieve the 2 main goals assessing the situation at risk.
    - Define the activities and assign them to the people that is best suited to perform them. (Give direction)
    - Keep track of progress and adjust if necessary.
    - Inform the group about critical information.
    - Review based on feedback if the things can be done in a better way.
    - *Do a head count - census*
    - *Skills audit*
    - *Create teams*
    - *Delegate*
    - *Maintain morale*
    - *Plan for food usage*
    - *Develop systems and processes*
    - *Provide reassurance, vision*
    - *Listen and respond*

## Management vs Leadership
### Management
The efficient and appropriate use of the resources at your disposal to achieve a goal.

- Organizing
- Deciding uppon tasks
- Planning
- Directing
- Measuring
- Checking
- Process and systems

> Personal note: Technical abilities which if I perform them well, I can gain credibility in terms of execution.

### Leadership
Influencing others to follow your lead by creating a compelling vision of the future.
- Setting goals
- Vision
- Influencing
- Inspiring
- Setting an example
- People

> Persona notes: Aren't people skills not scalable? Do I still to develop this? Honestly, I think that he was referring to people skills to perform a task, however I think leadership skills are still important unless we get to the point that we don't work with people at all. 

### Discussion with Gus
Questions:
- What is it required in order to be a good leader?
- What makes a good leader credible?

Thoughts:

- Basically we said that a leader doesn't have to be better than anyone in the team, but it needs to be competent so people can trust his/her vision and be influenced by. For example, a CEO of the company, you expect him to be good at the business he is running, or a technical lead, at least he should be a competent technical person.
